docs(peering): peering GA ACL updates (#15366)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/gateways/mesh-gateway/service-to-service-traffic-peers.mdx

### ACL configuration

If ACLs are enabled, you must add a token granting `service:write` for the gateway's service name and `service:read` for all services in the Enterprise admin partition or OSS datacenter to the gateway's service definition. 
These permissions authorize the token to route communications for other Consul service mesh services.

> You must also grant `mesh:write` to mesh gateways routing peering data-plane traffic.

Reviewer: This permission is needed to request a leaf certificate for the mesh gateway and it's gated on whether any services are exported from its partition:

https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/359a908bea16ef6e10f70295045bb90269a305b7/agent/proxycfg/mesh_gateway.go#L387-L401

### ACL configuration

If ACLs are enabled, you must add a token granting `service:write` for the gateway's service name and `service:read` for all services in the Enterprise admin partition or OSS datacenter to the gateway's service definition. 
These permissions authorize the token to route communications for other Consul service mesh services.

You must also grant `mesh:write` to mesh gateways routing peering traffic in the data plane.

> This permission allows a client certificate to be issued for communication with exported services.

Reviewer: While the gateway's leaf cert is used for mTLS from the gateway to exported services, it's mostly to be able to terminate TLS and evaluate dynamic routing rules:

```suggestion
This permission allows a leaf certificate to be issued for mesh gateways to terminate TLS sessions for HTTP requests.
```
